{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\qc

\f0\fs38 \cf0 Webpage --- WorkOut\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720

\b\fs30 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 1. Main Page\

\b0 \ulnone WorkOut is a webpage for people who wish to lose weight and gain muscle. There will be technical fitness instructor and professional nutrients for anyone who wish to loose weight. Our goal was help everyone to maintain a healthy body and a better life. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
We give each of different person various plans to choose. Different people have different ways of workout. If a person needs to lose weight, we will focus more on running than doing the instrument. If a person wants to gain muscle, our professional nutritionist will provide the best opinion for breakfast, lunch and dinner. \
\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \

\b \ul   1). Healthy Food\

\b0 \ulnone        a). Search Calories\
       b). Category of Food\
       c) Food Plan \
               -> for who wants to loose weight\
               -> for who wants to gain muscle. \

\b \ul   2). Exercise\

\b0 \ulnone       a). Pricing\
                 -> 60 dollars for one hour\
                 -> Monthly membership: 45 dollars one hour; include 12 hours of teaching and twenty dollars to get nutrients personal fitness meal plan. \
                 -> Year membership: 40 dollars one hour; including  144 hours for one year of teaching and twenty dollars to get nutrients personal fitness meal plan. \
       b). Timetable for different exercise\

\b \ul   3). Staff\

\b0 \ulnone        a). Lydia the Nutrients\
Lydia Li is twenty-five years old and she graduated from graduate school two years ago. In this two years, she has done various job, but now she chose her favorite  \'93be a Nutrient.\'94 The location of her home was close to the office, she usually walked to the office about 20 minutes. She was a optimistic girl who really makes people laugh and love to be along with her. She was also a good and professional nutrient and she loves to hear the story and share the story with consumers. \
       b). Jack the Trainer\
Jack Wang is a professional trainer. He loves sports and he started his gym life for over 17 years since 15 years old. \
       c). Luce the Manager\
Luce Yang is a financial manager for running the company and the webpage. \
\
\
\
}